[Music]
[
Music] [Music]
[Music]
what happened well we had
another technical problem what happened to you it's
gone it's stayed there like
frozen well it stayed Of course I have to
make one I have to order an
intro for to know the little guy I
have here the one for telesalseo because this
program uses it mostly for salseo
and when something like this comes up today I have to
put Jorge Javier Antonio
David there all those people but well it came
out What's up How are you Man very well
very well fantastic the truth is that with
a lot of work many projects
we're already in February I haven't even realized
and nothing at the foot of the canyon you who just
woke up not just woke up don't
abuse me too much because I saw
the opportunity there I mean they told me the
other day they said it a few
days ago Quesada who wants to
debate about choca and debate about
choca and they already passed me the shorts which is a
tichón No yes the clip the clip of the
discord
your full video but well now
Now tell me So first we have to
start well Good afternoon everyone
how are you good afternoon
Also to those of you who are watching us
from the Quesada channel we have come
here to discuss about the chocas correct
several things because I think that you also
with chocas have a lot of history and
many opinions where In addition we are going to
disagree I think in some I think we
can agree quite a bit
but the vast majority I think we have
very different opinions and as Many
times we have different opinions I think it can
be the debate you know okay look at you
uh at this time Well I don't know if there are
many people until now you usually do
until now no normally it is three
thirty six seven normally I am in
Spanish time and who sees you Spanish
well yes it is during the siesta time Of
course but well except Andalusia in this
case
but it is true that you have a
very latam time and increasingly uh each
time it seems that it extends you more I There are days
that I have insomnia because of the fms and
such because you know that I also do
coverage
when you play Latin America fms and I see you
at four in the morning talking about
salsa and I say it's incredible  Javi how does he
have so much stamina dude unbelievable
broken schedule busted I logically
am the same in the morning that I am I don't
even know what to do with my life anymore
honestly I mean today yesterday yesterday I had to
rest because my head was going to
explode and I took a break from live
I mean I'm going to record some videos but in
my videos that you were going to rent my
head and I went to bed for a more or less
decent hour at four to five I was
waking up getting used to the fact that I wasn't that I
wasn't asleep at that time and the
day before I had gotten up at 5
because I go to bed at 7 another
day
crazy the other day I had to record
something for TV that I could say
is what next week and I had a
date in Cadiz at nine in the
morning there's a cameo on Telecinco
cameo I'm not going to say which channel but a
very spicy cameo truck watch Javi eh
go on WhatsApp to the photo so he can
react but don't say anything okay okay go
ahead it
's a change Well it's
already come up in several things you came out about the
investigation team no good  the
sixth column
I'm going but this one is cool this one is
cool let's see your reaction When I
see it, let's see if it recognizes it maybe you don't
know what it is But I think so
because it's very well known
okay Yes I know what it is yes I know what it is
eye Eh okay this looks like an
interview with
me not participating There Ah okay I understand
okay I'm not going to say anything but now I
understand your role okay okay Hey
very cool very good okay okay I don't
want to spoil but okay
okay I understand the format I understand what
is very cool very cool the cameo
really Hey they have you up for things This
is how to unite them it
was a joke but no no from the account the
account of the website they told me first
about the official Instagram account of the
program How good it was true and that it had
been in Cádiz at 9 in the
morning man I went to finish brat I
went there how good fantastic
putting Congratulations
and when I came back at noon I went to bed I
got up at night because I had
worked in palmelo and I was broken broken and
then well I don't know I haven't seen anything
of the  what did you say but if you want we can
start with the click of discord I do
n't know who this girl is but her
opinion seems like a joke to me and it
seemed even more of a joke that you
subscribed to it until the last
drink you said I wouldn't change a
comma I said no Javi I say but what are you doing
Javi What are you doing that
the girl Although she points out You know
that appearances often times let's see
with all due respect eh It's not about playing
anyone for the physique or to see if she
trains me but let's see it's clear about the foot
that limps of course precisely she does
n't vote for the popular party we mean no
So I imagine the profile of the person
on Twitter that is typical is the typical
person that you are looking for Dallas from his
name and he is calling him an abuser
abuser of ceres and things like that okay but
in what he is saying about chocas let's
see I'm going to put it
Wait for him to share the screen here
Because if they keep giving this
guy the ball this guy is going to stay where he is
people are going to forget when it is to this
evil they invite him to the next event it
's like Miguel says they protect each other  they act like they're
[ __ ] crazy and
hide behind it, I know him
personally and he's actually a
great guy and well it's the character Or it's that
sometimes he gets heated that no
guy who was going and all the [ __ ] people who
give attention to this Man have the same [ __ ] thing he's
even put Now that this
guy is not going to change okay
well I can't say that you're
more to blame But they have a lot of blame in
this and right now put that this
guy is not going to change right now They are the ones who
have the decision okay or a
large part of the decision that
this guy or rather they can influence
this guy to be more careful with what he
says okay Because it could have
consequences and he's afraid of that or that the
guy does what I [ __ ] know because it's going to be the
same I
can't understand okay why he keeps
looking the other way when he
's said awful things so many times I mean I don't [ __ ] understand
for me and Bye
and many other people who associate with
this guy who I already told you I don't know his name
don't love each other anymore they associate with each other I
remember ibai because he's the biggest they have the
same thing  [ __ ] fault that these
messages are there that choca itself and
that itself and that Twitch itself if
not doing anything because it generates money and I don't care
dude I don't care that then I
went and said there it is super Okay good
boy I don't know what the [ __ ] a pain in the ass dude you
have to stop inviting this
idiot to the [ __ ] events and give him
[ __ ] visibility and stop looking at your
navel Because if because the turkey likes you
when you are laughing among
yourselves I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] that
this is starting to get scary I do not
take away a comma of truth really
really you
are supporting censorship to chocas but it is
not about censorship let's see one
for me here she is not talking about censorship
not that even Twitch itself takes
measures that is censorship in all rules
But because it is a censorship here
she is inviting Twitch to take
measures against chocas And also that
people stop inviting her to the events
but let's see This lady Who is
to dictate who can go or not
is based is based Let's see it is the
same thing that they do to you  you Javi make
a cordon sanitaire
one thing is that you dedicate yourself to gossip and
another thing is that you say that your friend knows how to
do a trick because he dedicates himself
at night to
taking a streak but let's see that
may be more or less funable but I don't
see it as something like telling you that he is going to
rule if you can be somewhere
or not, I mean, that comment may be controversial
as it may be controversial that
you say I think that here Rocío is wrong
because of this because of this Or this in his
private life he has done this and that are, I
think, tones of gossip but really yes,
chocas has had his mistakes but
because of that in his professional life you are going to
stop inviting him to private events that
they organize and that tweets as if he
had to ban him or not let him create
live content on his platform, that
is censorship Javi, I have not seen it
from the point of view of censorship,
man, for me censorship is that you cannot
speak or express your opinion on a
subject now
since a gentleman who is already seen that it is not that he
interprets a character, not that is what
he hides behind his character I
remember that I remember that I do
n't know if you will agree with me that
on the internet there are often many
talented people and there are many people who do
beautiful things and people who do good things
but people decide to make
some nonsense go viral and they take like some Thank you
the nonsense that I do not understand it okay
for example now look at the topic of the
[ __ ] truck in which nothing against
Leo I mean it seems to me that his dance was the one that should have
won but damn I mean yeah
but really the meme for it to
go so viral
People
the internet audience suddenly thinks
about some nonsense and they do it as if they
were the funniest in the world the
coolest in the world and one thing that I do not
understand look at you this also happens
with someone who does like this he moves his
belly a lot I do not know if it came out
note has become millionaires notes
does nothing note what he has done that it
is a peculiar ability with the belly
four videos moving his belly and such
without with all respect Because yes yes they have
put it there it is an egg But what I
see  is that
Choces was once taken as a
joke because he
insulted mothers and language that
was old As if it were something funny
okay And I don't find this funny this
The only one that I heard back in the
day
say the most sensible thing in the world was
Airo Juan when he was doing the
Chatting quietly with Ibai who
said let's see and I Juan is the only one right now
of those who are in the elite that
comes to mind maybe some
more but I'm just waking up but I
Juan of the greats like that elite
is the only one who doesn't marry anyone if he
has to tell Choces he says it
now when he's had to say something
and such he says it And also he says it based it's
because I think that he is the person who is
most connected to reality I think
more and his environment makes him connect a lot
with reality you know he is not so much
in this bubble
Yeah and man let's see really
Once you can make a mistake because you
say it's not a mistake what you just told me
is a mistake that [ __ ]
everyone has a mistake you cancel it and
Choces has many mistakes but it's that  it's
not a mistake anymore but
as a bad person it means let's
see as a person I don't know him I haven't
gone with him I don't It's that I don't
like to say bad person About an envelope
someone that I don't know personally and we
only see it on the internet how do you
define it because in the end what you see is
what it lets you see through a
screen and a camera and he has had his
mistakes the katibili thing is a goal
but he already pays for his mistakes I also
tell you I mean what the Katy Bibi thing is going to haunt him all his
life But he already had his
subs lowered economically they already had the
Beatles lowered he has already had his
reprimand both privately and publicly
from his friends he is already doing
one publicly he has been made a
escrache I mean what more do you want to
stay happy with the
chocas case in other words it has to disappear from
the networks from the face of the earth No it's not
that you make yourself disappear from the networks
and I'm not saying that the
networks will make you disappear because I have not seen it as censorship
this and what I am saying is that by
recommending Twitch
In a way he  I threw the platform
dude
let's see if you take if you take a
Frank Cuesta they kick him out
when he had the thing about
the LGBT flags I don't know how much if you
take and I there are people who get
a van on Twitch but that's unfair
too Javi four We agree,
that we agree dude who for
half an hour starts insulting his
parents in front of 10,000 viewers
because he was upset that he started
talking next to his grandmother. Look,
I think the attitude is wrong, I think the way it's done is wrong.
That's the real attitude, I mean, yes,
a role I
understand that it goes with his temperament but I
also understand that it's a
private situation that is triggered by a
reiteration of things that he doesn't like And the thing
is that he tries to have a
conversation with his grandmother and he can't
have it because his mother is in the background all the time and
the way they are not
correct but I also understand when
you clash Imagine when you ask for 50 that they
simply leave you, I don't know, a lighter on
the table so that you have that lighter on
the table and  the lighter is never there I
understand that in the end you are there and you explode
and Chocas spends so much time live
that in the end his mistakes are going to be
seen because the [ __ ] if they
recorded us 24 hours a day we are
practically going to throw them live
bro we were crazy really
crazy but the ways are very
bad I agree Javi but I also understand
that part of being burned out and being fed up
that it
is not a one-off thing it is not a one-off thing it is
several things I mean the only time I
think the only time they have made
a cover that I have seen I am an
idiot and this last one the one made of
the video not that precisely
the error not the thing about Islam is
Chocas himself it is the personality I mean he is
an envious arrogant guy
who lacks respect for everyone else who
always sees others as inferior
he is a person who is not prepared
to relate to the rest of
civilians Well I do see it I mean there
may be people who are more or less
selfish there are people who are more or less
egocentric but  there that it cannot be
related as if he were a psychopath or
some kind of integrated sociopath, that
would have to be determined by a psychologist
In any case or a
mental health professional but it seems to me Javi
that you have something You have something with him that
goes a little bit further I don't know if it's
strike
one
something else you know what I bring you about the
stress that seems terrible to me We have already
talked about it many times, for
me it
's like someone like if you have a
bakery and someone comes, you break the
window with fire, set it on fire, it's
harming your work but
it really brings them when it has
come to me at this point Normally I usually get
angry, I usually get angry with whoever it
is, no but but in the case of
chocas that I from the choca I already expect
anything, anything if we are
talking about a person who
earns 100,000 euros a month starts
creating multiple accounts with everything that
entails that I don't know if you know that
you have to create an email for
each account, a personality for each
account and and you start arguing with
Random who don't think that choca is
the number  one or so that is
total obsession I mean I think it's a bad
channeling of their energies and In a
way I don't know if frustration I don't know if I
would know how to define the feeling well but I
also understand It's that I try to be
very empathetic to the point that I see
a lot of things in common between chocas and
you I mean I really
swear to you in the topics of funa and
escraches and
You know all the times I've
heard from you that you're a bad
person but attacking you with
ugly personal topics about your family and such
And those people don't know you and you're doing it to chocas
I laugh because my cases are because I've
messed with some youtuber who are
their idols you understand then come
look now I've messed with uncle Shure
and everyone who is supporting him are
those who are not even followers of chur they are those who
hate Dallas and therefore they
come to hate me or that they have me I
mean on Twitter I have put it The
screenshots no but the choca issue I
mean it doesn't seem normal to me the
first thing is that there is one thing  I'm telling you this
as a gossip channel that
talks to everyone because
people Yeah, they kind of deny
the channels but then they come to Oh
look, I have this other thing, I mean, there's
a lot of falsehood in that world that is really
[ __ ] amazing because I'm the one who
but there are things that are out of my
control So what this
girl is doing, I see it as a criticism of that,
not as censorship because you still
have your channel Or your channel on YouTube
whatever regarding Twitch, let's see
regarding Twitch, what
I see regarding you Is that you can't
allow a guy with
the influence he has and the power that he has to be
sending you a message that it
's super cool to [ __ ] and drink juice and
hook up with drunk girls, I mean, you
would have banned Chocosa for that, it's a
nice ban, yeah Of course, yes, however you
interpret it, however you
were, you would win Chocosa with the
reason that by encouraging abuse
I don't want to say anything, it
's clear, but a message is a message
bad, I mean, let's see,
I interpret it as he has a friend
who is a teetotaler and [ __ ], you go out to
party and practically 99% of the
people, men, women,
combat helicopters, whatever, drink and when you've
had a couple of drinks, everyone seems more attractive, you
're more affectionate with
everyone, let's not even talk about whether they also
take other types of substances, but let's
see everything. As long as he is in his right mind
and he has consented, without going any further, the
last funa, which is him colliding with this
girl who has been covered up to her
face as if she were a 14-year-old girl,
there's the example, in other words, a girl who
comes with or not with another person who in this
case is not a teetotaler and they are both,
well, up to the top, I think it's not funable and I
think that in addition
to doing the same thing, except that in this case
one is a teetotaler, he is in full possession of his
faculties and the question is, the question is, is he
taking advantage of anyone or not, in this
case, of the girl, be careful. That's the
point,
he is not taking advantage of anyone
because they are both drunk, in fact,
the one who is drunker is  that she is
correct but I am talking about I
am looking for the thing about the friend issue I am
looking for the friend issue there is
no reason to take it but not
only with her where to take it
but the guy today does not want to
sell that what he said was a speech he
had prepared to advise the
kids not to drink no this that
Listen to the word literal stop because
this cannot be seen that it is a
speech against alcohol let's see taken
with tweezers I really see it because I see it
as a situation that happens I
see it as a situation that happens and that let's
see party one thing is that the problem
is looking for it one thing that you go out that you
you can go out and that you don't drink and with
a girl and the guy is having a drink or
whatever with a few drinks or whatever
but consents and you know No but another
thing is let's
see you have to listen to the
whole click because the client says that the
friend has a good time taking
girls drunk or rather that he goes out with him
with the intention of getting drunk it's
not that with  drunk is already a
qualifier that seems drunk here we are
drunk it's that Of course we have to
quantify
Two glasses that go on the floor besides
he says it eh name
dude before I found it super easy
always
[Music]
by WhatsApp by WhatsApp in
fact he says high he says Of course you're not
going to get high you are you are fine And of
course you're not going you're not going you're not going high that high
is Look let's see if it's what you
do eh let's
see and this is here let's
see if it's whole let's see
with my young friends partying I was selling
friend of the waitresses that's a trick that thing with
the waitresses and I have friends
who don't drink
and who were very to the place to go flirt with
the girls And that he also had a lot of fun
taking girls who were that were
high and such that they were already dancing I do
n't know what And he wasn't high they had
a lot of fun taking it
is that it is all very interpretable because
when he says taking it you can
interpret it as if he has flirted as if he
has Coronado you know not that I take her
that he goes here as if it were  an object
on the street no no no Of course my house that has a
good time flirting with
drunk girls it's fine not high careful
that high is high drunk Here
not here
here high for example I see a
drink and I say wow I'm high you know
like I'm already getting high
I don't see him putting so much emphasis on going
super high you know how when they say
Palermo it was very easy for him it was very
easy Of course because of course for him it was very
easy to flirt of course a girl who would
generally see you as a four
sees you as a 100 a girl who generally
sees you as a quarter I see you with a seven
that's not a drink No it's true man it
's a Two drinks I have a drink and I
want to hug everyone and
otherwise I am the guy with the most
distance who asks you without any drinks
under my belt you know
And also notice that I've realized the trick
now and the big trick
refers to also making the waitresses
become friends with the waitresses
we have related badly everyone
because everyone thought that the big trick was
drinking juice  and the trick is to make
friends with the waitresses
his friend saying that he's a [ __ ] Crash
out of series why does he do this that's
not up to each person's perception I
see it anymore but I mean that
since each person interprets it [ __ ] he
's the [ __ ] boss because you get more
women in one night well if you see it
that way then Congratulations it seems like a
thought from the last century let's
see one thing is that you go out and without
having anything planned suddenly you like
a girl the girl likes you you spend the
whole night counting down and it happens and Hey
maybe you don't drink and she does have a
moment of the night when she's
drunker than you but another thing is
that you have the habit of flirting with
drunks because normally they see you as
a four which is a fail but since they
're high they see you as a seven which
the vast majority of the first ones Javi you
are the judge and the second Javi listen to me
people go out to party to drink to [ __ ] and to have a
good time whether they drink more or drink less
so what are we representing
kid if he doesn't drink and goes out to party and goes
out to get laid Cacho but since
women and men go out it's
the most normal thing
without going out to party much but when I
went out the problem is that I was
drunker than anyone I met
but look one thing besides you going out
drunk with the intention of having the
advantage of having it easier because the
girl is going to fall no care It's that here he
is already distorting
no no no placing no no he puts it in
he puts it in look
because she's high the same as you that
a girl that you would see as a four you see her
as a seven So it's much
easier and on top of that you're calm you measure
your words perfectly Ah no instead
of drooling and and falling against
the columns instead of drooling and
falling with the columns Of course but
that you in the case that you go drunk
that in the case that the case is that we
are talking about that he doesn't drink and
she is the one who is high drooling and
falling down the column No no that's not
necessarily that's not necessarily We
would have to see It's that you know what it is  what do you say
high you say cartoo you
're not drooling because you're not
drunk because normally I also tell you it
depends on each person but normally
men You think that we hit each other
a lot harder than women Although
here He here is saying that his friend
is a [ __ ] crack because he has a good time
picking up high girls that
normally he wouldn't pick up because he's very
ugly but he takes advantage of the fact that they're high
so they don't see his face well for me
for me he is defining here his
definition of high for him high
is not that they see you as a seven instead of
a four and that they drool and fall on the
floor
drooling you're not like drunk but he
hasn't told you high they are
different things here they are mixing up what
refers to the girl and what
refers to the guy
for me it doesn't seem like a [ __ ] crack that
seems like the fantastic clash now
well I think it is legal and that it is normal
for a guy to go out to pick up Cacho like a
chicks to pick up Cacho Eh yes one thing
is that you go out and you go or you don't  one no no
one thing is that you go out and you are shown
flirting with someone you like and it just so
happens that she is drunk or she is not
or you are more Or you are less and it is
like last night but you go out it is that
people go out to catch Cacho there are people Look
at 6 in the morning If he hasn't caught
Cacho he hooks up with the first thing he finds
man or woman that I really know that that
is the argument that
I have heard from everyone who wants to
justify the choca and it is like man that is
normal it is that I went out it is that we are
drunk no no no no no no no here is the
situation that the choca is selling you It
is not a casual situation that
maybe you are drunk she no that maybe not
No here he is talking to you about
a very specific situation a friend who is having a
good time and that directly we do not
hook up flirting with drunks no Javi there are
people there are people
who go out to [ __ ] and if he does not [ __ ] at 6
in the morning he will be more or less
drunk the first thing he catches and the
first thing that moves he grabs it then
But you can  flirt in many ways I mean
if you really like flirting you
have chinder you go out to meet people
whatever here He is talking to you no
He is talking to you about a
specific situation Quesada
his hypothetical friend friend that we would have to
see who it is by the way he takes
advantage of the situation what I
see is that in the context the guy goes out
to have a good time and the woman is in this
case they will be able to tell him Well, well, no, he
has more probabilities this way
than having a coffee in Plaza Mayor at
5 in the afternoon man,
obviously because it is a context
where they are also more receptive
because they go out to party because they are also
looking for Cacho But just like everyone
else and more How because they are easier it is easier but it is easier to flirt at a party a question what is easier to flirt on the subway flirt in
a club
Maybe man let's see if the girl is
drunk
everywhere where is it easier to flirt
at the door of the
law office at the door of a court or in
the club Yes in the club okay
but there is a context you are not going to
play okay it
is that we are reducing This is the
same as  that they do everything when they want to
justify crashes let's see we can't
reduce everything to the absurd as if it
were all reduced to the fact that we're
criticizing that you can get laid no one
criticizes that you can get laid no one is going to
stop getting laid in a club the
problem is when you're
assuming that you're taking advantage of the
situation that you're doing well and the girl it's
not
that javis it's your interpretation
but it's not my interpretation
that he says it he says that he's going to
place correctly if we place the vast
majority and that you're doing well that you speak
perfectly you
measure your words because It's logical you
don't have any drinks it's that just
by having one drink No you practically ca
n't even drive to begin with
So she goes she takes advantage No it's not that she takes
advantage of her it's simply the
context in which you in a club
everyone is more restrictive They're
partying they're drinking and Therefore
instead of seeing you as a four they see you
as a seven I'm going to give you an example in
short it's not that they are not
in full possession of their faculties not to decide it's
not that they are on the ground
they are simply  a little more
receptive more Barcelona Sure but not
suddenly they lose all
their decision-making power So they don't know
compatible if you can't pick up when
the girl is not drunk and she takes advantage of you
when she is easier you are
taking advantage no but it's not that the
term take advantage could be considered
as abuse here you in any case you are in
a context where people are more
receptive to see where there is greater
ease But you don't take advantage of
her you
have to look at the language listen to me you
take you are at New Year's Eve and and you take and
your guy is with a few drinks and
and you have it easier I mean your guy is
normally a tightwad but you take him
at New Year's Eve with a conscious drink
and four arms and he asks for 50 bucks and he
gives it to you clear are you taking advantage of him
or not
as such I don't see I don't see that it is
taking advantage of the person take advantage In
any case the context you take
advantage of the context Why Because
that moment is the moment Javi When is
the moment to ask for 50 euros When you
know they are going to give it to you or when not
when he is pissed off  taking advantage of no,
but not of the person but of the context, that's
why you talk about taking advantage of
them. I'm telling you when are you going to ask for
a promotion? When are you going to ask
your boss for a promotion when suddenly they
called him and told him that he has to
pay 4,000 euros to the Treasury or
when they told him that they are going to
return the 4,000 euros, that's where you'll
see the difference. eh, taking advantage of
a person when they are in a more
vulnerable state, I'm not going to take
advantage of the person. In any case, it
's the context, something else than you being a
bully and let's talk about things about taking
advantage of feelings, taking advantage of
misfortunes, taking advantage of,
abusing people, that's
another level of using the word abuse.
I'm using the word, but
your interpretation is more about taking
advantage of abuse than taking
advantage of
the situation. Interpretations that this
person was telling me, absolutely not for me,
man, for me, for me, censorship.
No, man, let's see, one thing is freedom
of expression and another thing is that I can
go
here with 30,000 people  30,000 kids
who are going to applaud everything this
guy teaches
one thing choca I'll tell you one thing Javi if
choca gets banned for this you'll get
banned for the minimum and me too and
nobody works here because if we
start giving him the tool
I swear Oh surely something of
mine and yours that if these bannable
our thing too because if we love each other like
this
with some nonsense because I could
compare you and I could give you a thousand examples
in which I don't care if he calls it
censorship but I could I could give you a
few examples in which you can't
say everything that comes to
mind because obviously you can't do you can't
promote fascism in
fascism
it's that we confuse debauchery and
freedom of expression But Javi you and I
have slipped up live and we have
statements we
give rise to is that these bannable because it
incites because that's how
someone from Twitch interprets it then there will come
a time when many of the things
we do that are normal by giving him
absolute control and And trying to cut off
freedom of expression we are going to
stay  without work because we are
talking for many hours live and
we have more or less
unfortunate actions So to me this does not
seem variable and for this and for more
things I do not think they should stop
inviting him to private events where
x decides and the other
seems very to me if I no I no I do not
want to leave let's see if he understands the
criteria to take someone to your
series Therefore, you are going to be famous, you
do not take this into account
to see the already famous collision, point number
one, I
mean, go more or less series, chocas is
already famous and that is who he is already but if they
stop carrying him the series is done less
today not in the day of chocas on his
own foot but if chocas has the
audience that everyone else has
regardless, let's finish
listening for a second Come on, let's
finish listening to the clip for a second
that I have to tell you one thing Do not
worry, do not worry well
guys now that Javi has left me in
charge of all his channels tell
you to subscribe directly to all his
channels and come to mine to throw the
problem in my face
Greetings to  the kids let's
listen to the client because it's
important whole word for word
okay word for word Javi they
weren't dancing I don't know what And he
wasn't high so the panel was
very easy to flirt because of course
generally he would see you as a 4 he sees you
as a 7 because he's high just like
you that a girl that you would see as a
four you see her as a 7 So it's
much easier and on top of that you're calm you
measure your words perfectly you
know instead of drooling and and
falling against the columns then of
course and he measured some juices such and to
take it up the ass and [ __ ] great he went out
to flirt he went out with us and he went off with
a girl always always crack easy the
truth I mean [ __ ] pro it's that the whole
river is in turmoil fishermen's gain
each one uses the technique that
comes out of their balls this this this
ending is [ __ ] great eh I mean in
troubled waters fishermen's gain each one
uses the technique that suits them well let's
see but
I don't like
fishermen either but let's each one
uses the technique they want
while  [ __ ] It's not illegal and obviously not, it's not that
the technique I have my, the
technique that the friend is commenting on, it
's illegal to go
with zero alcohol in your veins and flirt with
a girl who has had two or three drinks
who is high. It's legal. In what country
in Spain isn't it that a person who is
fully aware of their faculties
Although he has had two or three drinks, that's
legal. Man, it's illegal to drive with two
or three drinks, you
make some nuances that are very specific
man
but the specific ones are not your
interpretations Javi, you interpreted that high as
going on the ground and
nothing to do with it and you interpret that
everyone who uses the technique they want
as if [ __ ] practically already abuses
it. No man,
a little illogical sanity, the collide doesn't
go, I mean, beyond the fact that he is the one who is crashed,
no. Do you think that a streamer is openly
going to say, come on here, take advantage
of everyone, the name
that a friend has who is a [ __ ] crack
because he takes advantage of
drunk women, I'm not going to defend that,
I'm not going to defend that it is more or
less, I
mean, the collide that is  he starts saying that he's
going to command because I thought it was really
funny when he got outraged with the video
that he made in Montero which is like
those sueable that he sues that he's going to
eat what Muhammad ate Well then
let's see I hope he commands and I hope it comes out
because Look, for me it seems
ridiculous that of the taxes that
you and I pay and all Spaniards
besides Listen to me, I think that
allegedly speaking
yes, it is a lack of honor and also
a distortion of his words
the subject of taxes there we
can enter into that debate and we
could criticize what
our money is used for and what our
lives have cost and all that stuff but the click that they
got of the chocas or rather I put the
Montero with this and it was damn he was doing him a
favor he said less even less strong
than what he said I don't remember it
entirely but I think that also there is the
distortion of the trick no
there I don't know if an allusion is made to the trick
of doing this Look as a friend of the
waitresses Yes yes And at least I  What I
remember seemed pretty bad to me, I
would have to review it but no, I don't
agree at all, I mean, I think
really Javi if he crashes his name would be
or Dallas another rooster would crow Javi if you
sue the
Ministry of Equality because they
made a video that doesn't even name you, the
first thing is okay but it is an
absolute replica it is a literal reproduction of their
words so of course then they
are repeating what you have said
Of course but within a campaign against
abuse and harassment and such So we
are talking about the
interpretation that the
Ministry of Equality makes yesterday, which is a
public body, we are talking about a
public entity is putting the focus on a
streamer who is doing their job and
has a more or less
fortunate statement with one interpretation or another
but basically they are making him
participate allegedly talking about
the abuses that exist in Spain, that is
crazy,
the video is not telling you this man
is an abuser or is he putting on a
sexist attitude, I mean because they show you a
video of Irene Montero, I mean they show you a
video of Pablo Moto that does not talk about
any abuse it is a Pablo Moto slobbering
at a  girl that for example the word
of Pablo Moto if they take it out of context And
if they make them different but the thing is that the
chocas they put them literally in fact they
even do him a favor because
the originals are worse for me they just
put him for a series of
statements that he makes they put him in a
sack like
a sexist etcetera etcetera so I
think it's as if he takes a statement it's
yours you
know that I am the least likely in the
world but machismo exists this is
like the issue of this is like the issue
of gender violence and such I mean they
were criticizing Macarena Olona
because now she is defending that
sexist violence does exist let's see
one thing is violence does not have gender
and correct any human being can be
violent regardless of whether they
are a man or a woman but another thing is that
gender violence does not exist gender
violence does exist machismo violence exists and such let's
see machismo exists I am not
calling anyone a rapist or an abuser or
anything because it is not up to me now
what choca is promulgating in this
live with  32,000 people,
many of whom will be left with their
message, it's pure and hard machismo, that's why it
's a joke. Javi is
advising nothing, he's telling an
anecdote and let everyone do what they
want with their life. My question is, what would
happen if it were the other way around. I mean, if a
teetotal woman flirts with a guy, the same thing happens if she
has two or three drinks, that's also
machismo, the same machismo, no, the
same thing would be wrong because it would be a girl
taking advantage of guys. No, man, look,
you can call it what may clash
with your ethics, which clashes with your morals,
but machismo. Let's
see if you, if you have the intention of
taking advantage of it, cheap progressivism. No, no, if
you have the intention of taking advantage
of the girl because at the same time the
girls in the situation are more vulnerable, that's what I'm
telling you. You go out to party in the
context that there is, you go to a
football match and you're going to watch football or play it, you're
not going to play marbles. No, well,
when you go to the club you're going to dance,
drink, get high, have a good time, flirt
and [ __ ], but like  everyone I'll
give you an example
Imagine that you're going to play soccer with your friend
but you don't like to play soccer with your
friend normally because he's
very good at it but when your friend
is high if you play because you know that you're going to
beat him when he's high let's
see okay Okay because he has two drinks he's going to be
less it's that
you say two drinks when he
crashes he's giving very specific nuances
dude because they're
not nuances the illusion that it creates in
women is high no
That's in your case you say
Yes [ __ ] check it out that's what it says Of course because
you're going fine you're not drooling or
saying nonsense or anything that's what it tells you in
the case of a man in this case of a
woman the only definition
at the moment that he's telling you that
normally he would see you as a four which
by the way is ugly as hell friend that
normally he would see you as a four and he sees you
as a seven damn How
much do you have to drink to see
someone who is 47 depends on the person
but two or three drinks dude Yeah but he's
high that's happened to me eh
But Javi don't you believe me that
we dehumanize things dude like  so many
beers
and I wouldn't touch this girl with the red hair
and I wouldn't drink five and I'm not
careful either Never say never Javi eh
seven barrels of
course you're quantifying by
glass by glass let's see by glass we don't
quantify because there are people who can't
walk and climb some stairs With
one glass and there are people who need seven
glasses and still know how to walk perfectly
it's the state of each person And how
each person feels if you go from
seeing an ugly person to a 4 to a 7
pretty which is noticeable good good
You're really comfortable No no no need to
but Listen to me I think the point here
is is it
in your full decision in your
right mind to determine yes or yes
no that's the point if you are in your
faculties that's it That's it
if it's not there is the moment
where you are taking advantage of the
person and where you are abusing
that's the fine and the winding that
separates good and evil the thread is very
fine because the thread is very fine because
you yourself know and in fact the friend
is cheering him and is applauding him in
front  of 30,000 people that if the
girls weren't high he wouldn't get
any action with her
Well then he sees you as a four He's already
told you he wouldn't get any action I mean you know I do
n't know if the least chances no you wouldn't
get any action well maybe he'll find it
funny And
instead of being a four he
's telling you clearly [ __ ] there are people
with whom you wouldn't get any action if they
weren't high
and maybe he'll tell a couple of jokes and the
typical funny guy gets the
eyeliner you know what I want to tell you
yeah
another one Not clear here He's clearly telling you
that if they weren't high he would
n't get any action with them because he wouldn't
get any action with them he would have
much less chances and it's
true but man
and you how would you call something that I mean
you how would you call something that you know you would
n't get if the person
is vulnerable you're taking advantage of
her well
favorable That doesn't mean you're going to get any action I'm
also telling you he has more
chances of course it
's whatever you want to misinterpret or
not Javi that I really believe that if the
shocker was called Juanito de  the sticks there would
n't be so much drama I had a
fixation with the chocas badly but badly
because I because in the end he
always crashes yes I'm not going to talk about this I mean if
this same thing had said who
anyone
says it I say it any other
person grabbed a drunk girl
took a picture of her and passed it to his friends
and it went viral But that's ugly that's
ugly I don't know I'm always going to criticize a
situation like that Don't tell me that I if I
were Juanito I wouldn't criticize this because if he
criticizes it it's because he knows me catch it now
but no I'm not talking to you I'm only talking to you in this I'm
talking to you in general I say no I see you as being
unreceptive I see you very It's that I can't do it
anymore not with this but with the fact that they don't
invite him to series that if you This tell me that
if I would ban him that if such and such I
personally I personally I
no I will not invite to have a series
for for this message for example just
for this message
that company is bad and then he expresses it to you
well and it makes sense But the excuse he
has given for this montage has not been to
ask for forgiveness the excuse is that we
have misunderstood him and that what he
wanted to say
The  misinterpreted it takes it to the extreme I
have interpreted it literally as he
is saying that also in the
audience but what I am getting at is that I think it is
worth it
in my chat 73% 27 I imagine that in
yours it will turn out in your favor but well that
since the modelers are in charge what I am
getting at Javi I think that the crash has already paid
for what it had to pay it
is not about paying not paying but I
sincerely
this issue Imagine if you have a daughter
if you have a niece if you have a
sister and you know that an uncle is
taking advantage of her I will
educate my
sons, my daughters, my sisters and
the women in my family and
around me well enough so that they are
empowered enough and are sufficiently on their
own brave or
responsible enough to know when she
wants it and when she doesn't regardless of
the drinks she has had Although it can go
to such an extreme but that is another
issue of education when it comes to drinking
so I think that this is
individual responsibility and also in the
context of family and
friends to say Hey be careful are you
aware yes no And from there
responsible for their actions of their
decisions and everything Yeah but would you like to
hear this about someone that you
want
that Hey I'm going with this girl who wouldn't
fall if she were sober my question
would be that woman I
mean you had gone again in that
same situation in that context if not
from there we see the question is that she
was so drunk that she didn't want to
that's the problem that's the problem not
that you left And well it was your
decision and you stick to it
fantastic it's your life if it's what you
wanted Well I
respect it you
know yes but let's see He's telling you
that if the girl wasn't drunk she wouldn't
go with him
instead of being a four there are seven she has
more chances Probably yes if the
girl wants to then she goes then
nothing happens if the question is whether she has
Two drinks or not If she finally wants to
go and wants to flirt and wants to get laid
Well nothing is respectable the question is
whether there is regret here if
she regrets that act because then we would be
talking about that yes she's going to be too
drunk the high five he doesn't
regret having told this
regrets having said it in public I have
n't said it it's the same as with
not knowing he doesn't regret having done it he
regrets that the
multi-account caught him let's see we would have to ask
them that I think I think that the show
gas
is adult enough to
realize that the catch and the
Katy vipí be careful it borders on
sick How obsessive and what is wrong I
think that today when you crash you
ask him in private and he regrets it he should
die of shame
today I think that from what he says the
things he talks about I don't see that he
regrets doing it that he regrets that he
got caught
I would tell you both because getting
caught is even worse but I think that he has
never he has never felt
proud of that account
never
proud not because it is a shame
but the set of things that you know you he
is a guy that with this I don't know is that I
invite people that I like
not only by number then you would
invite  your series if you know that
you have a series that is going to go
viral a person would
you invite a guy who for example
has this clip has another one of half an hour
insulting parents for half an
hour because it doesn't work out with I don't
know what I am not, I would invite
Chocas like I would invite you
for doing what you do No, not even
respecting your work you got one for
talking about gossip it
is not the same as now but the conclusion
is the same the conclusion is that they don't
invite you to the series it is the
same question that they don't invite me because it has
a lot of stigma and whatever you want
then as the conclusion the result
is the same I respect your
work I would invite you And just as there are
people who make mistakes as is
Chocas I think he can evolve
as a person and we don't have to do
this media circus of not even inviting him to
the series they go after him and that a little
more disappears from the face of a thing you
pay to do gossip
a brutal label but one thing is that they do
n't want you in the places
because they are going to give it  voice to a person who
gives voice to the [ __ ] of all of us who
are here because in the end they haven't
kicked me out of the places because in those
places I have been disrespectful they haven't
thrown me
profits from people's misfortunes you
take advantage of personal lives you understand
the point also that I don't
think this but the people in the business Yes and
people have you thematized that no
because the scourge
one thing is that one thing is that they
throw you out of places or that they
put obstacles in your way because
this is your job and it's not interesting to give
voice to this job of yours that you have and
another thing is because of the things that you say if you do they have
never kicked me out because
I say that you have to flirt with drunks
because they go caught here for half an hour
that hasn't said the clash there for me you are
a distortion you know
perfectly well
that that's not true Javi he doesn't say that you have to
flirt with drunks at any
time and you have to deal with drunks He
tells you that he has a friend who is a
crack who takes advantage of  drunks
who flirt with people who are high are
nuances,
Spanish has the advantage of being the
easiest language in the world but write it
as it is written it is read He is
telling you that he has a friend who takes
advantage of drunks, he is not
telling you an anecdote where he flirts more
at parties because he doesn't drink and he flirts with
people who have a couple of drinks, they are not
the different interpretations Javi you
take it to the extreme He is
telling you that he has a good time hitting
on girls who are high because of
course I can talk, I have
peace perfectly
good interpretation there is no
pejorative tone of he takes advantage it is carried out as
practically as if the other
were not in her right mind
which is clear I do
not understand I do not understand the comparison to what they
put you in for your job
because
one day you get angry
Like for example Agustín 51 who
interprets that you are a piece of [ __ ]
person interprets that you are a
scum that takes advantage of
misfortunes and it is not like that you are simply the
interpretation that I give it It is that you are
a professional who is dedicated to doing
average media informative coverage  of
Well in the alseos And what happens
between the streamers now everyone has their own
interpretation I think we need to
be a little more objective and
neutral and you in this case the same thing that
Agustín 51 does to you you are
doing when chocas you
take it to the extreme you distort what
really
or rather are literal words and we have
heard it Here we go if you want we
see
and the one on the motorcycle says that you profit from
people's misfortunes that is true that is
true Of course
but if you do
informative coverage for good or bad
good negative positive things happen But you
are not a guy who says Hey he gets up
And says Well let's see today his
father died I don't know who is coming here's a
video
that is taking advantage of
people's misfortune You are a professional
Predator they are different things
but I am not distorting what
chocas said host yes he
says it liter I take it to the extreme it is not
what he says there
is no moment that says chocas
my friend takes advantage of a friend drunk
listen to me  ok this is that I don't know that they
are denying me something so obvious
man, I mean for me this is saying that she takes
advantage of her friends, I mean that her
friend
this didn't happen like with Naín, no, that they
took him to the prosecutor's office and all that, I think that they
were going to take this or they didn't take him
But well Javi since you are not a judge and
neither am I that I also gave it to a judge if it is
the best that could do this they didn't
take it but stop it's that I don't know what it
seems to me that they are denying
something so obvious that
a judge rules it man because in the end you
have one interpretation and another and I
think that with the law in hand this
could not be condemnable you couldn't say
that it is a speech
yes it
is a bad message I
also tell you is that he is applauding
and that he is applauding that they take advantage
of drunks Yeah man I can't
tell you no it's not because I like him
because I like him or I don't like him it's that the guy
is telling you that he takes advantage of
the girls' vulnerable situation
to be able to flirt because if not I don't
know like a fence But what does he consider
vulnerable
man, the guy knows that  if the girl is well he does
n't flirt with her and he knows that if she's
drunk he'll take her, I mean, to me he's taking
advantage of her and he's applauding that she's taking
advantage of her and on top of that he's telling you,
hey, everyone uses their own techniques.
Yes, of course, but there are people who flirt,
there are people who even have
flirting manuals, there are people who even give courses and
workshops. Yes, but it was in a way. Here we
are talking about him
recognizing that he takes advantage of the
drunk chia, but yes, I don't understand the
interpretation, this interpretation,
but the thing is that Quesada is saying it literally. It
's not that he doesn't say it literally, that
's your interpretation because he doesn't
say the word take advantage of, but it's that you
say that he says it literally, if he says it
literally, he has to say take advantage of or
exploitation or whatever, you know,
for me he says it literally, man. It's that I ca
n't find any other way to
interpret it, for me. No, really, Javi,
and I think we're going around in circles
on the subject and such. And truly,
truly, I don't agree. I think he
has a fixation with the, they clash badly
in this one, it was one, for example. No, well, if it
's not what he has to pay, but if he
looks in this area, for example, the last one.  what they have
done to him they have tried to mix it
with what he said about his friend okay There I was
before they left before it
went viral I said it but let's see
but if he is drunker than her it has
nothing to do with it and I think it's fine because
you are an objective guy with whom you can
talk but there are things man that shut you down
and there is no way And this is one
of them I see this literally this is
Spanish for me it is that the champion I cannot
find a way to interpret it it is
a misinterpretation it is a misinterpretation
for me because he says that he
says it literally and at no time does he
say it literally no that phrase is not
there literally one thing that I don't like that I don't like like
objectively I mean he
is a guy that I don't see any
sympathy or grace in or he I don't see
anything in him I mean all I see is him
insulting people disrespecting
exposing anonymous people there because he
feels like it he takes
someone's Twitter and puts it there he does a lot of
things that cannot be done but
regardless even if he were the
kindest and most sympathetic person in the
world for me what he is  saying
literally is to applaud your friend
because he takes advantage of time streak and is
that I do not see it I do not see anything else that
message of coloring it that message of
applauding the action I insist for me I do not
understand the point and such I think world
of what crack that is We agree that
well no there is no crack
simply as it is a fact you may
like it more or less but I do not see it as
praiseworthy and I think well to close the
topic that says and we will agree I
think
the message as such is wrong but that
youtubers and streamers are not in
charge of education the
values ​​​​and the principles we can
condition as condition the
teachers but here we are talking about
the dads and moms and the family
personally for several factors but there
are several factors that I would have
liked to have three hours with you to
talk about this because there is much more to
talk about do not worry we do part 2
is that behind this of what the
girl says that I applaud for many other
reasons I applaud it because they cannot
see each other most of those
who collaborate cannot see or collide or
example to Greg And I
suck it up
then when I listen to the girl
made by her I applaud because it's a
message that I've said a lot but
let's see if you can't see and on top of that the
guy doesn't contribute anything good when you
bring it other than numbers
Why the [ __ ] are you taking it There are
things There are moments there are clips there's everything there's
everything that not everything is bad in
Choca but I'll tell you this If you want a
man as a whole as a whole
I think it's more positive to imitate
Choca than not invite him we're talking about the
top of these four top 5
Spanish speakers be careful
[ __ ] [ __ ]
you if you had a soccer team right now
why but Dania because it's proven and it's
proven that he is an abuser or
allegedly speaking I don't know if it's
not yet approved but come on right
now at least I would remove him
but the thing is that Choca is neither an abuser
nor is it approved nor allegedly nor does he
advocate for you understand or rather we are it is an
example a comparison it is a
crazy comparison and I have to go to
three salsa Don't worry the second
part don't worry It's going to be on
Twitch too  on TV or not Or
is it only on YouTube not on YouTube on YouTube
a hug uncle bye bye
bye